Clarify SCMP processing (second PR) (#223)
scionassociation/scion-cp_I-D: draft-dekater-scion-controlplane.md

## Processing Rules

The rules for processing SCMP messages follow closely the rules in {{RFC4443}} section "Message Processing Rules". These rules apply to SCION nodes (routers, ...) and to endpoint processes that forward SCMP messages to other processes on the same endpoint. They do not apply to SCION aware user application processes on the endpoint. Implementations MUST respect the following rules when processing SCMP messages:

1. If an SCMP error message of unknown type is received at its destination, it MUST be passed to the upper-layer process that originated the packet that caused the error, if it can be identified, see point 4.
2. If an SCMP informational message of unknown type is received, it MUST be silently dropped.
3. Every SCMP error message MUST include as much of the offending SCION packet as possible. The error message packet - including the SCION header and all extension headers MUST NOT exceed **1232 bytes** in order to fit into the minimum MTU (see {{I-D.dekater-scion-dataplane}} section "Deployment Considerations/MTU").

> 4. When needed, implementations extract the upper-layer protocol type from the original packet in the body of the SCMP error message and use it to select the appropriate upper-layer process to handle the error. In case of an unknown error type, the implementation should assume a SCMP header length of 8 bytes, verify that the subsequent bytes represent a SCION header, and extract the network port of the originating process from the upper-layer protocol.  In case the upper-layer protocol type cannot be extracted from the SCMP error message body, the SCMP message MUST be silently dropped.

Author: Suggestion with some wordsmithing: 
```suggestion
4. In order to identify the the endpoint's underlay transport layer port in the destination AS, border routers extract the upper-layer protocol type from the original packet in the body of the SCMP error message and use it to select the appropriate underlay transport layer port to handle the error. In case of an unknown error type, the border router should assume a SCMP header length of 8 bytes, verify that the subsequent bytes represent a SCION header, and extract the underlay transport layer of the originating endpoint from the upper-layer protocol.  In case the upper-layer protocol type cannot be extracted from the SCMP error message body, the SCMP message MUST be silently dropped.
```

- Final read, wording
- "originating/initiating" PCBs --> consistently use originating
- Section 2.3.5. Propagation of Selected PCBs: unify core and intra-ISD propagation, since steps are the same

> - SCMP: clarify relationship with RFC4443 and remove unnecessary processing rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SCMP: clarify relationship with RFC4443 and adapt/clarify processing rules
```

Author: This changelog will go away with RFC publication, so it doesn't make much of a difference
